yes I used to live here
won't you come in it's the least I can
do is it like you remember cleaner yeah
well you feel free to look around while
I get the water boiling your hair is
winter fire
[Music]
there you go
awesome music
I do apologize it gets so very hot here
this time of year it's fine what do you
feel like you could just about die but
you know what they say about dairy hmm
no one who dies here ever really dies
but tell me how is it being back in
Derry it's got a strange strange oh my I
had some cookies in the oven before you
came stay right there
I shouldn't impose I'm gonna no no no no
no I insist
we photos are lovely miss Kirsch are
these your family my father came to this
country with 14 dollars in his pocket
what did he do mrs. Kirsch my father
joined the circus
I was always daddy's little girl
what about you are you still his little
girl Beverly are you
[Music]
smear the losers club is officially
begun
[Music]
we can do this but we have to stick
together
[Music]
you can't control what's mine Jenkins
Ward's yours
so you can keep dusty
for yourself reminding yourself
[Music]